we got a hardcore metal detectorist here
two in the same water hole
alright it's about a quarter after four
on friday here and i was able to get out
for just a little bit today ended up
being sunny and nice just doing a little
residential lon you know kind of funny
it's pretty nice lawn but right down
here there's a right in the middle of
the yard is kind of where there's a big
old brick down there you kind of see
that and had a 1239 1240 signal thought
it was seemingly right off the edge of
it a little bit and I flicked it up ms
penny Doug clad diamond clad quarter
already I think this is gonna be a wheat
cent that's a good sign for this yard
that's a wheat penny cool
and cleaned up later
and keep on here before it gets cold all
right and puttin along this strip where
they obviously have run some new pipes
and I got a 64 d memorial a few feet
behind me and another nice penny tone
here about three inches down and
actually a little bouncy there must be
some other stuff in here maybe some iron
so 1941 d wheat cent pretty cool maybe
there's a silver in here a little bit of
a backyard to which looks like it has an
original path up to the back of the
house so uh hopefully there's more okay
dug this hole here had a really high
signal like 1147 close to the top wasn't
going to do it live i'm using my hand
shovel today my razor edge Gator I'm
actually had left my shovel into Rick
and Nikki strong coups but anyway I've
done this before when I use the hand
shovel I'm used to using the foot shovel
so it's hard to say so like I have to
readjust to where I cut my plugs and cut
this one here and the signal disappeared
to scan again with the detector in here
it was stuck on my shovel and I scan the
ground again here it is in the dirt not
it's the silver dimes looks like a rosy
and it's a silver coin number 70 for the
year so I'm really happy to have it
we got a ton of rain yesterday and
actually a lot of ice too but it's
supposed to start warming up it looks
like a 1950 something I'm get her
cleaned up a bit later nice little yard
here not a ton of signals but definitely
some coins in here well this is a new
one for me you got a solid 1241 on the
surface figured I'd check it out what it
is because sometimes the old bigger
tokens can sound like they're on top if
the real solid targets and that's the
first for me it's a duck head on a rope
that's really weird clean that up later
all right I'm almost finished up did
several patterns over the yard trying to
mop up anything I missed and the signal
sounds better now that i'm down to it
I'll do this one live in case this is a
silver coin started out as a penny tone
but uh sounds pretty darn good now
I thought I saw an imprint maybe not
she's some dark and soil on the shovel
ah this big piece of copper buried there
oh well alrighty I was able to pop out
for about an hour today around a quarter
after four just do some hunting in
before dark definitely spring feels like
it's coming here it was still in the 30s
it was a brisk day but it's supposed to
start warming up so I hope so anyway it
was nice to have a sunny day just
yesterday again we had a lot more sleet
nice come in so hopefully that was the
last of it for the year the future
forecast here looks pretty good for next
week and over the weekend as well I hope
to do some hunting this weekend so
anyway to the fines hunted just a little
lawn around a neighborhood I've been
working over with the small lawns and
just when I you know when I hunt solo
somewhere that's close by working hits
in these houses it's a friendly
neighborhood that I've done pretty good
with with the permissions and as far as
some of the older finds first I got me
the quacker this might have been hanging
on a tree it was underneath a small tree
you never know what you're going to find
metal detecting didn't expect to see
that come out of the ground on this body
hunted I don't think house was too
incredibly old it would have either been
most of the houses in that Street were
built in the 30s so probably around in
there but not a lot of trash in the yard
so it was pretty easy to hunt you can
saw that they'd had done some work
putting in some pipes so I figured it
was a good time to ask it kind of had my
eye on it for a while but on my picked
up some clad it's kind of weird for the
old yards knew it normally these have a
the old yard set around here have a ton
of copper pennies in them you know not a
whole lot else and this one was kind of
opposite i hit more dimes but uh was
funny i found two holes that both had
three dimes in them but those are all
fairly new cloud ones so you had a
couple quarters dimes one nickel one
copper penny which is an older one is 64
and then got some zinc pennies so not
bad on clad about a buck 50 there um and
then I hit
c7 wheaties so not too bad at all not
going to go into closed on them I got a
1936 which is the oldest one then
there's a 41 d just a little uncommon
for the 40s one we got a 42 another 42
that had a severe running with the mower
but it's wheat penny and then we got a
45 of 49 has a lot of detail on it and a
57 d and it did hit one Rosie 1957 d so
I was very pleased to hit that any any
hunt with a piece of silver is a good
one in my book I'm happy to have it so
well I thanks guys for watching and
hopefully I can get out make some good
funds this weekend so I take care happy
hunting